FAI 658: Add e2e test suite into PR checks (#1092)
kiegroup/kogito-apps: apps-integration-tests/integration-tests-trusty-audit/README.md

## Trusty AI Console - end to end tests

> This project run Trusty AI Console and verify it via Cypress E2E test suites which is located in [UI Packages](../../ui-packages/packages/trusty/it-tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project runs Trusty AI Console and verifies it via Cypress E2E test suite which is located in [UI Packages](../../ui-packages/packages/trusty/it-tests).
```

> #### Requirements

Reviewer: Why from 2-nd level Header into 4-th level directly?

Author: @jstastny-cz copy and paste :)

- docker version >= 19.03.12
- java version >= 11
- maven version >= 3.6.3

Note: also previous versions of `docker` might work, but they were not tested.

> Note: set [Manage Docker as a non-root user](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/)

Reviewer: I don't understand the instruction here, was that supposed to be `see`?
```suggestion
Note: see [Manage Docker as a non-root user](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/)
```

#### Perform e2e test suite

The e2e test suite is performed during a build of whole project.

> Go to the root folder of this project (kogito-apps) and run:
> 
> ```
> mvn install
> ```
> 
> to build and performed all tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the root folder of this repository (kogito-apps) and run `mvn install` to build and perform all tests.
```

> In case that you want to run only the E2E test be sure that docker contains all images which are mention in the pom.xml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case that you want to run only the E2E test be sure that docker contains all images which are mentioned in the pom.xml file.
```

Author: @jstastny-cz @manstis this line in README shows how to run easily only E2E test without docker-compose. If you need to run services and then debug E2E test you can run `mvn docker:run` instead of `docker-compose up` and interrupt command or `mvn docker:stop` instead of `docker-compose down` (more details are here https://dmp.fabric8.io/#maven-goals). Unfortunatelly even if documentation says that it supports the docker-compose file there is not full implementation (network is limited)

```
docker images
```

Use `mvn install -DskipTests` if you miss any docker image.

Go to this folder (integration-tests-trusty-audit) and perform `mvn install` directly in this module.

#### Clear docker

Remove obsolete image:

```
docker rmi $(docker images 'org.kie.kogito/integration-tests-trusty-service-quarkus' -a -q)
```

Or clear all docker images:

```
docker system prune --all
docker volume prune
docker network rm trusty-nw
```

> It seems that docker-maven-plugin does not stop all images so call

Reviewer: Is that a misconfiguration or a known bug/issue?

Author: @manstis @jstastny-cz Mostly it happens when integration tests failed. I need to look to my browser history.

Reviewer: Thanks for explanation.
